# **Competitive Programming**
---
### **Approach** :-
> I started with the easiest problems and tried the brute-force approach first to get the job done, then I tried to optimize it by trying to make it consume less time as well as memory. I also tried to think of alternate solutions and tried them out to find the best one.

### **Challenges Faced** :-
> Initially, it all felt effortless, but with each problem, the difficulty kept increasing. A point of saturation came were finding the brute-force solution alone seemed to be difficult. But I pushed through it anyway and eventually found decent solutions for most of them. My second biggest challenge was due to lack of fluency in the language I chose to use, i.e. C++. My first language was Java and then C#, so I am not the best with memory management. In the very last problem, I faced issues with memory-related errors and undesired outputs. I eventually had to switch to Java and use a debugger to manually run through the program and fix it. Then to finally convert it back to C++.

### **A Little Bit About Me** :-
> My name is Aryan Rai, and I am pursuing my B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering from Galgotias University. I chose this course because I am extremely passionate about Computer Science and various fields within it. When I was in 5th standard my father introduced me to programming and the act of watching text perform miracles on a screen fascinated me so much that it changed my life forever. And since then I knew what I had to do in life. As I explored this universe of Computer Science I discovered all the different fields like Computer Graphics, Artificial Intelligence, Quantum Computation, Cyber Security, Data Science, etc. that made me think of endless possibilities and reassured my love for this subject. My primary focus was on Game Development. It attracted me the most because in game development you can see the result of your work in the most visually satisfying manner, however as I learned more and more about different fields and how I can integrate one into another, for example, Data Visualization, AI-based Simulations, etc. I developed an interest in other fields too. My goal is to learn as much as I can and hopefully contribute to this community as much as I can. Other than the technical side, I also like to sing, play video games, edit photos and videos, speed-cube and most of all try new things. My weaknesses are stage fright, social anxiety, and fear of not being perfect. But my biggest strength is to adapt, and I am willing to overcome all my weaknesses in order to progress and improve myself.